add support for sand ortholinear keyboard (#10543)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/sandortho/readme.md

# sandortho

> ![sandortho](imgur.com image replace me!)

Reviewer: This should be filled in, or removed

> The sand ortholinear keyboard was inpired by silicon, the element used to make semiconductor materials. The keyboard has 47 keys laid out in an ortholinear grid with a 2U spacebar. The board can be assembled with standoffs in between the backplate, the keyboard can be as short as 7.2mm tall (excluding switches and keycpas) or as tall as ~9.5mm with a 1/4" piece of acrylic sandwiched in between. I worked on this project from the end of July 2020 to September 2020.

Reviewer 2: Typo fixes.

```suggestion
The sand ortholinear keyboard was inspired by silicon, the element used to make semiconductor materials. The keyboard has 47 keys laid out in an ortholinear grid with a 2U spacebar. The board can be assembled with standoffs in between the backplate, the keyboard can be as short as 7.2mm tall (excluding switches and keycaps) or as tall as ~9.5mm with a 1/4" piece of acrylic sandwiched in between. I worked on this project from the end of July 2020 to September 2020.
```

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Luke LaCasse](https://github.com/Sandpiper131)

> * Hardware Supported: ATMEGA32-U4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4
```
